The necessity of security arises from the immutability of blockchain and smart contracts requiring developers with incredible care and foresight to fulfill their desired purpose without fault. Even in blockchains current infantile state of development, there there have been billions stolen and lost in hacks and bugs that have drastically damaged the public's faith in blockchain. If there is to be any mainstream adoption of this technology, and if it is to ever fulfill it's true potential, it is absolutely crucial for it to be built on a fortified and secure backbone. OpenZeppelin fulfills this purpose and I believe it is exactly what the industry needs in order to become truly revolutionary.


After over a year and a half of studying and researching on my own (independent of a job or school) I have successfully learned how to deal with difficult situations in which the solution is not immediately apparent. An example of this being on my coverage-guided emulation based fuzzer; where entering into the project I had a limited knowledge of Rust and fuzzing, and practically zero knowledge of emulators and virtual machines. Facing the overwhelming task at hand, I found it extremely effective to break the task down into minuscule and conquerable chunks. By dividing the large emulator task into an ELF loader, virtual machine, interpreter, JIT, and MMU; I was able to research and code each task individually before combining them together into the final product. Fundamentally, this methodology can be applied to any problem and is a necessity when dealing with self-directed study. Self-directed study is then a main component to successfully learning complex topics such as blockchain and security where traditional institutions such as university and certifications are not around to progressively overload and spoon-feed you information.


As stated previously, I think OpenZeppelin's mission is absolutely necessary for guiding and providing a strong and well-established base from which the entire decentralized industry can be built. I truly believe decentralization can have an incredibly positive impact on our interactions with institutions and the world. OpenZeppelin's mission indicates that there is a cohesive ideology and mindset that is shared between it's founders and employees that would make for a unique work environment that I would deeply enjoy being a part of.
